{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh14660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 what matcha powder are you using and how much portion\

\f1\b0 \
\
***********************************\
Sugar:\

\f0\b Should the matcha milk tea have any sugar in it, or does all the sweetness come from the brown sugar syrup?\

\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Do I need to add the blackstrap molasses?\
\
can i use the muscovado instead of the brown and light brown sugar? can i use the same amount?"\

\f1\b0 \
"\

\f0\b \

\f2\b0 \
\
\

\f1 \

\f0\b 1,Is there something to substitute the brown sugar? we don\'92t have it where I live.\

\f1\b0 ,""\

\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
\
\

\f0\b \
Like, how much of the brown syrup should i make for two glasses? I guess so but I'm not 100% sure. \
\

\f1\b0 \
**************************************\
Boba:\

\f0\b how long do the boiled pearls with the syrup keep?\

\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b add any kind of flavouring to the pearls?\
\

\f1\b0 \
1,In Taiwan we usually cook the boba with brown sugar syrup after boiling it. Boba is great in here! Much better than the ones in America 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56844 
\f1  Come taste them someday <333\
\
Also bonus tip you can also soak your bobba after boiling in honey instead of the brown sugar syrup and it's absolutely amaaziingg!!!!"\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b is sago pearls the same as topioca pearls and if not whats the different?\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b how shelf stable is the boba?\
\

\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
(With popping boba rather then the tapioca pearls) or fruit boba? It\'92s fruit based tapioca pearls\

\f1\b0 The ball making method is actually a brazilian dessert called ""sagu"", we normally make it with fruit juice or wine!\
\
*****************************\
Starch:\

\f0\b How much tapioca starch should we use??\
1,How much tapioca starch? No measurements were given\
\
\
\
can you, hypothetical, use any starch? I don't have tapioca\
Does it have to be tapioca starch or can I use any kind of starch?\
can i blend tapioca and make tapioca starch?\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 1,Can you use all purpose flour instead of tapioca?\

\f1\b0 \
****************\
Tea :\

\f0\b How would you do a Taro tea?\
\

\f1\b0 I use 
\f3\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 QBubble taro tea powder. It definitely took some trial and error to find a good recipe, but I think I've found one. Here is the recipe I use: 1/3 cup hot tea (I would use black if it's taro powder.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3 tablespoons powder 1/4 cup water 1/4-1/2 cup milk (to taste) 1/2 cup ice Blend together in a shaker, doing the powder and hot tea first and then the other ingredients.
\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\

\f0\b Does anybody know if making the tea first then adding milk makes the milk tea better, or is Josh\'92s way better? Just curious\
\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 1,"Can you do this with herbal tea? (No black/green/whatever tea) - Mormon friendly?\
1,Do you have a recommendation for tea to use for someone who can\'92t handle caffeine?\
\
strawberry milk tea, taro tea\
\
\
What tea should you use for likeca strawberry milk tea\

\f1\b0 \
Taro tea\
\
I have a tea masala (add one teaspoon to a cup of tea for that extra spice) that I bought from my local Indian grocer and I'm excited to try it out in a different way."\
\

\f0\b 1,Why the low temp for steeping your black tea?\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Is nobody gonna talk about how he could have just brewed the black tea normally with water and added the milk after\
\
\
\
\
What blacktea should I use?\

\f1\b0 Black tea BLEND to make the most ELITE milk tea. Ceylon + Assam + Darjeeling for that well rounded, malty flavor 
\f2 \uc0\u55358 \u56779 
\f1 "\
\
Ceylon is the original tea for milk tea 
\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56866 
\f1 \
\
**********************************\
Milk:\

\f0\b 1,anyone know what nut milk is the best for this? asking as a lactose intolerant person\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \
\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 1,"Just out of curiosity, would 2% milk work too?"\
\
\
\
1,"is there a non-milk version can you make, papa? plz"\
\

\f1\b0 \
\
\

\f0\b \
1,Yay boba! Quick question can we use coconut milk instead of regular milk?\
\

\f1\b0 but you cant really infuse tea with milk, the original way is 70-80% of regular tea infuse with water and 20-30% of milk. What you do is not tea is just milk flavoured, you cant extract all de benefits and the real and complex flavour and aromas from the tea just with milk \

\f0\b \
\
1,I've never tried Boba tea because I don't like milk/nut milks. Has anybody ever tried cold coffee as a substitute? I know it says tea. Or can I make the tea and just not add the milk? Or an I grasping at straws? I'm trying to think of an alternative for milk. Any thoughts?\
\

\f1\b0 but you cant really infuse tea with milk, the original way is 70-80% of regular tea infuse with water and 20-30% of milk. What you do is not tea is just milk flavoured, you cant extract all de benefits and the real and complex flavour and aromas from the tea just with milk \
\
Here in Brazil we skip the milk and use a fruit juice instead\'85it\'92s the best\
\
\
\
\
***********\
Storing:\

\f0\b 1,Anyone know if I can make the boiled boba and the syrup and store it like that in the fridge or in room temp ?\
\
how long we can keep the uncooked balls, maybe I missed you saying it but how long can we keep the cooked balls? Are they still good a few days later?\
\

\f1\b0 \
**************************\

\f0\b can I recommend that the boba to tea ratio needs to be MUCH higher? The boba should be at least 1/4 high up the glass 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56612 
\f0\b  (1:4 ratio!)"\

\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 1,anyone knows the song during the outro?\
1,what\'92s the intro music name?\

\f1\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}